
## Directory structure
In this project de standard ReactJS folders was generated by *create-react-app* (as bold ones in the illustration), and some other was added after.
...

```mermaid
flowchart TB
   a[<b>assets</b>]
   a1[<b>css</b>]
   a2[<b>fonts</b>]
   a3[<b>img</b>]
   a4[<b>js</b>]
   a --- a1 & a2 & a3 & a4

   d[docs]
   d1[assets]
   d2[en]
   d3[es]
   d4[pt]
   d --- d1 & d2 & d3 & d4    

   s[<b>src</b>]
   s1[<b>assets</b>]
   s2[<b>components</b>]
   s3[<b>pages</b>]
   s4[<b>styles</b>]
   s --- s1 & s2 & s3 & s4    

   e[examples]
   p[<b>public</b>]
   s[<b>src</b>]
   b[(build)]

   root[<i>project root</i>] --- a & d & e & p & s & b
```
<!-- https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNpVUMtuwyAQ_BXEoadYVWKfrCiHqvmC9rbkQNl1QmUeAqy2ivLvBYwr9bDD7O7MgLhz5ZD4yKfZfambDIm9vwjLGJMgY6QUL2u3BxU3foDJ2b9ND9pcGx_gcxuzruuyjT1lfYG-wFB3FRDQqSbG_b_L8ABkG-2BtukAPjVaw7GEYwnHEo4Dq9lVQUDf0vh5M3vwy8es1dpFiKHRCsG5BEd9KufxWZ8u6-NLaC7K5XNFYfmOGwpGasxfdi9ewdONDAk-Zoo0yWVOggv7yNLFo0x0Rp1c4OMk50g7Lpfk3n6s4mMKC22iVy2vQZqmevwCp2p8Kw -->

### assets

Mostly consist of static website images (`.png`,`.svg`...), fonts and any other static files that might be needed.

### (build)

The [ReactJs install guide](react.md) show how to *build* the website, that resultas in a set of static HTML files at the *build* folder. So, it is redundant, can statey out of git repository using `.gitignore` directive to remove it.

### docs
All project documentation: website requirements, general guidelines and specifications for page layout and  software development.

The `./docs/assets` is analog of the website assets, but for documentation content.

### examples
A *docs* folder complement. Some initial examples used as reference in requirements. Can be removed.

### public
The files that will be copied as-is in the build website.
For the project to build, some files must exist with exact filenames at *public* and *src* folders:

* `public/index.html` is the page template; only files inside *public* can be used from `index.html`;
* `src/index.js` is the JavaScript entry point.

### src

Is where we keep the project's source code. For faster rebuilds, only files inside *src* are processed by *webpack*.
